This is your fault.
You have no reason to refuse.
Miss Wang's Scar
Is it a fire?
How do you know because of this scar?
It is due to the deposition of fire poison.
Can't go.
The reason why Ms. Vuong is in a coma
It's because Trieu Van Kiet just said a sentence of true energy.
But the fire poison accelerated the outbreak.
What now?
Yes, so what to do?
Zhao Changjie
Be quick to apologize to others.
My daughter wants something to happen today.
I told you Trieu family to completely disappear into the forbidden room.
Hello.
I don't know the depth.
I leave it to you.
Please, please, it's Ms. Vuong.
Come on.
Truong Huc Dong is opposite to you.
Master Jiu, I need a quiet manager.
So I beg you.
Why haven't you boarded the plane yet?
brother feather
Will you marry me?
Feathers